update market insight (#52)
amadeus4dev/developer-guides: docs/resources/market-insight.md

# Market insights

> With Amadeus Self-Service APIs, you can get insights from millions of bookings and our technology partners.  In the `Market insights` category, we have 4 APIs available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Amadeus Self-Service APIs, you can get insights from millions of bookings and our technology partners.  In the `Market insights` category, we have four APIs available.
```

| [ Flight Most Traveled Destinations  API]( https://developers.amadeus.com/self-service/category/air/api-doc/flight-most-traveled-destinations/api-reference ) | See the top destinations by passenger volume for a given city and month.                |
| [ Flight Most Booked Destinations API](https://developers.amadeus.com/self-service/category/air/api-doc/flight-most-booked-destinations/api-reference )           | See the top destinations by booking volume for a given city and month.                  |
| [Flight Busiest Traveling Period  API](https://developers.amadeus.com/self-service/category/air/api-doc/flight-busiest-traveling-period/api-reference)        | See monthly air traffic levels by city to understand season trends.                     |
| [Location Score API](https://developers.amadeus.com/self-service/category/destination-content/api-doc/location-score/api-reference)                               | Assess a neighborhood’s popularity for sightseeing, shopping, eating out, or nightlife. |

## Find the top destinations or the busiest period for a given city

> You may wonder which destination the travelers travel to the most and when is the busiest period from a given city. You can get the travel insight from a given city and month with 3 endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may wonder which destination the travelers travel to the most and when is the busiest period for a given city. You can get the travel insight from a given city and month with three endpoints.
```

!!! information

>     - The results of these 3 endpoints are based on estimated flight traffic summary data from the past 12 months. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The results of these three endpoints are based on estimated flight traffic summary data from the past 12 months. 
```

    - Flight traffic summary data is based on bookings made over Amadeus systems.

### The top destinations by passenger volume 

`Flight Most Traveled Destinations API` returns the most visited destinations from a given city. 

```bash
GET https://test.api.amadeus.com/v1/travel/analytics/air-traffic/traveled?originCityCode=NCE&period=2018-01
```

> ### The tops destinations by booking volume 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The top destinations by booking volume 
```

`Flight Most Booked Destinations API` returns the most booked destinations from a given city. 

```bash
GET https://test.api.amadeus.com/v1/travel/analytics/air-traffic/booked?originCityCode=NCE&period=2018-01
```

> ### the busiest month/period by air traffic 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The busiest month/period by air traffic 
```

`Flight Busiest Traveling Period API` returns the peak periods for travel to/from a specific city. 

```bash
GET https://test.api.amadeus.com/v1/travel/analytics/air-traffic/busiest-period?cityCode=NCE&period=2018
```

### Response 

> The 3 endpoints return in same structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The three endpoints have the same response structure.
```

            "subType": "BOOKED",
            "analytics": {
                "flights": {
                    "score": 10
                },
                "travelers": {
                    "score": 8
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

Response to the busines period from a given city : 

```json
{
    "meta": {
        "count": 3,
        "links": {
            "self": "https://test.api.amadeus.com/v1/travel/analytics/air-traffic/busiest-period?cityCode=PAR&direction=ARRIVING&period=2018"
        }
    },
    "data": [
        {
            "type": "air-traffic",
            "period": "2018-03",
            "analytics": {
                "travelers": {
                    "score": 34
                }
            }
        },
        {
            "type": "air-traffic",
            "period": "2018-02",
            "analytics": {
                "travelers": {
                    "score": 33
                }
            }
        },
        {
            "type": "air-traffic",
            "period": "2018-01",
            "analytics": {
                "travelers": {
                    "score": 33
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

> - `subType` is `BOOKED` or `TRAVELED` depending on the endpoint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `subType` is `BOOKED` or `TRAVELED`, depending on the endpoint. 
```

- In `analytics`, the `score` in `flight` is flights to this destination as a percentage of total departures, and the `score` in `traveler` is the number of passengers traveling to the destination as a percentage of total passenger departures.

### Sorting

> Sorting is possible for the top destinations' endpoints. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sorting is enabled on the "top destinations" endpoints. 
```

- analytics.flights.score - sort destination by flights score (decreasing)
- analytics.travelers.score - sort destination by traveler's score (decreasing)

> for example : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example : 
```

```bash
GET https://test.api.amadeus.com/v1/travel/analytics/air-traffic/traveled?originCityCode=NCE&period=2018-01&sort=analytics.travelers.score
```

### Direction 

> For the busiest period of travel insight from a given city, you can specify the direction either `ARRIVING` to have statistics on travelers or `DEPARTING` for statistics on travelers leaving the city. By default, statistics are given on travelers ARRIVING the city.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Flight Busiest Traveling Period API, you can specify the direction as:

* `ARRIVING` for statistics on travelers arriving in the city
* `DEPARTING` for statistics on travelers leaving the city

By default, statistics are given on travelers ARRIVING in the city.
```

```bash
GET https://test.api.amadeus.com/v1/travel/analytics/air-traffic/busiest-period?cityCode=PAR&period=2018&direction=ARRIVING
```

## Find insight within a given city

Apart from the top destinations and busiest period insight in a city, you can also help users gain insights into a neighborhood, hotel, or vacation rental with the `Location Scores API`. 

For a given latitude and longitude, it provides popularity scores for the following leisure and tourism categories:

- Sightseeing
- Restaurants
- Shopping
- Nightlife

> For each category, the API provides an overall popularity score and scores for select subcategories 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each category, the API provides an overall popularity score as well as scores for select subcategories 
```

> like luxury shopping, vegetarian restaurants, or historical sights, among others. Location scores are on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as luxury shopping, vegetarian restaurants, or historical sights. Location scores are on 
```

> a simple 0-100 scale and are powered by the [AVUXI TopPlace](https://www.avuxi.com/topplace/location-scores) algorithm which analyzes millions of online reviews, comments, and points of interest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a simple 0-100 scale and are powered by the [AVUXI TopPlace](https://www.avuxi.com/topplace/location-scores) algorithm, which analyzes millions of online reviews, comments, and points of interest.
```
